constant strategy (#30)
SolidBench/rdf-dataset-fragmenter.js: README.md

  }
}
```
#### Constant Fragmentation Strategy

> A fragmentation stratety that put all the quads in one resources defined by the config.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A fragmentation stratety that delegates all quads towards a single path.
```

```json
{
  "fragmentationStrategy": {
    "@type": "FragmentationConstant",

>     "locationIri": "http://localhost:3000/datadump"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "path": "http://localhost:3000/datadump"
```
